Mention the source OSP should be updated to the latest patch release (#679)
openstack-k8s-operators/data-plane-adoption: docs_user/modules/con_adoption-prerequisites.adoc

* Install the `oc` command line tool on your workstation.
* Install the `podman` command line tool on your workstation.

{OpenStackShort} {rhos_prev_ver} release::

> * The {OpenStackShort} {rhos_prev_ver} cloud is updated to the latest patch release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The {OpenStackShort} {rhos_prev_ver} cloud is updated to the latest minor version of the {rhos_prev_ver} release.
```
I think we try to avoid saying "patch" in downstream docs.
